Hello and welcome again.
So let's start creating the first sport.
So of course as I look the resource pool is available only at the level of the cluster.
If we try to get any resource pool from the data center we can't fund anything about the resource pool.
Of course we are only of the up.
But if we want to do this we need to go to the cluster and we have new resource pool.
So information or a requirement for the resource pool is to have enough blood to depress if you're disabled.
There is this option is not available.
This one it will be disabled.
You need to enable the teachers in this cluster to be able to create our resource pool.
So we click and cluster we chose new resource pool.
And as always we give it a name for example resource pool a like about.
So we have some option in this resource pool to chose it.
So let's start with this.
So of course it would be like that you.
To get to do so let's concentrate on the speech.
So if you remember the shares we have normal that's have four thousand point or 4000 share.
Then we have the low it's about two thousand shares.
Then the high is about 8000 share.
So where did you get this number to make it easy to chose to share.
And it will make its own calculation to get to.
Right.
Value didn't have cost costume to make any number that you want but of course you need to understand
how those numbers work.
You know how about it.
Example if you give it a big number that's when you consume about 80 percent or 90 percent on that resource.
So if we chose for more money let's just look at the moment.
Then we have another option called a reservation reservation of do c.p.
So it wasn't nigger herds of course that controls gigahertz.
Then of course you see the Muggsy reservation available it's five gigahertz.
So what does it mean.
The reservation reservation of the resource pool that's me will get our part of the pew for this resource
pool and not other artist pool can use it for if we give is about four you got hurt of the Sibiu then
when we try to create another resource pool Do available spew for that the resource pool is the total
minus for ziggurats that's when we keep the part of the CPA only fuel.
That's a resource pool.
Even the virtual machine will be powered off or consume less than four Ziggo heads of the Sibiu do resource
pool we'll keep this for the heads of the Super you for it.
So the idea here for example we have some virtual machine that need to be run all the time.
So this machine needs about 4G gobshites or we give it for you gobshites.
Off to sleep you end and if we don't chose our reservation for it for example it was 0 like that.
Then in a situation this virtual machine have a problem and need to reboot when we reboot this virtual
machine.
And when this virtual machine start bolted on maybe another machine will take do three CPR available
in that cluster.
And this Turing machine when we start bolted on.
Can't find any available uses for that.
We use reservation that's mean we keep always this for regardless of the Sibiu only for that resource
pool that's have this virtual machine no matter what's happened to this virtual machine.
Even this virtual machine will be powered of for some problem or even taught with how.
Or maybe one day.
Always before she grabs on the CPI it will be available for this video machine any time when this virtual
machine will be powered on.
So this is the meaning of reservation.
Of course we have the muxing is about five Jugheads because we have three Isak's I host.
So the total about to do CPR available in this cluster is about five gigabytes.